COMMENT KEY:
-- Rylock
<--- Schwarherz
<-/-/-/ Zeress

Stuff for later:
* ambitions:
	get the favored son ambition to actually mean something (and include favored daughter)
	an ambition for non-landed courtiers with strong claims to regain their lands
	Gain Family Name ambition for lowborn AI and a decision for a lord to grant it to them (not un-important lowborns obviously) <--- Not entirely sure if this is possible, but put it here anyway just in case
* plots:
	plots that target people outside your realm, to do things other than assassinate (so espionage--discrediting a ruler to his own people, getting secrets that give one a tactical edge, sabotaging fortifications, etc.)
	having some events & AI decisions that help them work towards completing plots (other than the ham-handed "make everyone friendlier to the AI" maintenance event)
	a "rescue from prison" plot -- difficulty being that this can be discovered and result in the plotter being imprisoned, even if the target isn't friendly to one's liege (maybe not a plot, but a decision to fire a chain?)
* Titles:
	give some sort of meaning for the minor titles so they're not entirely pointless for everything but mood (also restrict Court Jester to non-landed courtiers)
* Culture/religion spread
	Look at speeding this up a bit <--- It's not uncommon for a player to go a full game with only one or two provinces converting over several hundred years. This doesn't seem realistic to me. From a historical standpoint, England is a good example of how this makes no sense
* Religions: <--- putting this here so I dont forget and/or can get feedback (I only have pagan stuff for now because they're the most lacking in flavor)
	Finnish pagan: needs Perkele's name changed to Ukko to avoid any...incidents. Perkele is considered an obscenity in modern Finnish and Ukko is another name for the same god.
	Relevant flavor to each religion based on its mythos and traditions (much like paradox has already provided for the Norse)
	Completely re-do egyptian religion <--- at the moment it's a Zoroastrian clone with less flavor
	If possible, a decision for secular religious heads to make the title landless (that is, existing forever) and give it away to an actual priest for the good of the faith
	
* Shattered Realm: <-/-/-/ Zeress notes
	Disable Italian Re-conquest chain for Pope in ancient religions start
	
* Canaanite pagan religion:
	deities worth using from the Canaanites:
	El Elyon - Chief Deity
	Ba'al Hadad - Storm God (Only refered to as "Ba'al" only priests may say his name)
	Anat - Virgin goddess of war (Sister and wife of Ba'al Hadad)
	Eshmun - God of healing
	Mot (Evil deity, not worshipped or given offerings)
	
	No practices really mentioned other than burial of the dead with food and offerings so that they won't "come back to bother" their family after death. However, their religion is stated to be heavily influenced by their neighbors. Household Ancestory worship was common, rulers took part in a "Sacred Marriage" ceremony yearly (likely in the spring), that is, a ceremony where they would take the role of a god or goddess and have sex with someone taking the role of that god or goddess's partner. Not sure if we can use that in-game, however...Unfortunately that's all that's really known. The form of writing they used wasn't conducive to surviving the Mediterranean climate very long. They were noted as traders though that might be more cultural than religious, but we could probably do something with it...there's a couple really important myths but it's essentially just Ba'al (Hadad) being kidnapped to the underworld, causing a drought, and then being freed again...Yeah I'm out of material.
	
	Ok on another site, apparently the ritual marriage thing was REALLY important and took place between the king and the sacred temple prostitutes as part of a "revitalization" process to bring good crops and such. So....basically make them a defensive religion, some kind of bonus to trade if possible, and...I don't know something to do with the temple prostitutes. Apparently the ritual was performed more than once a year, but it was the yearly thing that the king took part in with the high priestess. So it kinda sounds like the temple prostitutes were available to the common man most of the time, but she got to choose if she'd take him to her bed or not. It's really confusing and a lot of details are lost due to age or shyness of the writer
